Now, we're at our first problem of
the day, the phone screen problem, so
I'm gonna click this link, the link is
clickable, and I'm using for this one.
And I'll pretend like I'm the interviewer,
like hey, blah, blah, blah.
I'm Jim Young,
I'm a senior software engineer in Netflix.
I really appreciate you taking
the time to interview with me today.
I know we're all busy people,
and no one likes interviewing.
So we'll try to make
this pleasant possible.
Take a minute to read over the questions,
read of the requirements, and
let me know if you have any questions.
Then I'll give them a minute or two.
I'll say, okay, if you want any questions,
let's go and get started.
Make sure you code below the line.
Here, and
make sure you follow the requirements.
Don't import any libraries,
just write in pure, vanilla JavaScript.
And also, you have till some time.
So right now, let's go ahead and
tackle this problem.
It's deceptively simple, it's not a trick,
but this is similar to questions
that I would actually give during a real
interview, go and tackle this problem, and
see how far you get, and then,
we'll go over what my solution was.
And there are multiple
solutions to this problem.
And also, one thing to ask is, you said,
can I use Google, or Bing, or Facebook,
whatever, when you use Facebook, but, yes,
you're allowed to look
up anything you want.
This is the only part of this course where
you'll be doing coding on your computer.
Everything else,
I recommend doing it on a piece of paper,
cuz that's how you do
it in a real interview.
For this part, I'm looking for
a specific output.